Oh
let's do it
you
now I know what you're thinking LP why
does the title of your video suggests
that bog would be the best cod map of
all time and in my defense it's it's
it's only a title that was what
originally sparked my interest to talk
about the topic and it happened during
my 24 hour livestream yeah I played 24
straight hours of video games I know I'm
a massive nerd with my wife's blessings
by the way that's a very important
factor with my wife's blessings it's
actually her idea a lot of the times for
me to stream she's even suggested that I
stream call it full time I don't really
look at streaming as a job but she wants
me to stream a lot more because she sees
how much fun and how big of a dumb kid I
am but yeah I gotta I gotta keep her in
her life but anyway during the 24 hour
stream we were playing some cod 4 and
this map came up and everybody would or
not everybody but a lot of people like
this is like one of the best cod maps of
all time some people who said this was
the best cod map of all time and I'm
just sitting there going what and to be
honest in my opinion there are way too
many good maps to to designate one call
of duty map as the best map of all time
but it does beg the question and I know
people have done these videos before but
I've never done this video before and
people ask me all the time when your
favorite cod mass it does meg beg the
question what are the top five cod Mets
now you could ask me today you could ask
me in a week I'd probably give you
different maps just because there's so
many good cod maps out there but I want
to know what you guys think what are the
best cod maps out there what are the
best cod maps I need you to list and
tell me why because obviously there's
different reasons as to why I'm going to
go over the comments as i always do
always read most if not all the comments
for my videos especially since google+
got integrated and the amount of
comments on videos drop by like fifty
percent at least but let me know what
you guys what's your favorite maps are
and i'll go through the comments and
maybe i'll use those in a future video
and then i'll do my favorite by favorite
maps
then compare it to the majority of votes
I guess you could say to what you guys
what you guys think and I mean there's
there's just so many or so many good
mess my favorite maps are the three lane
maps you've got a left on right in the
middle it keeps all the direction and
all the the action in one central
location that can also be you know crazy
with choke points especially we're
talking modern warfare 2 in tubes but
those are my favorite kind of maps like
raid comes to mind so let me know what
your top five favorite cod maps are I
know this is a played-out topic but you
know what it's a couple of down years
for cod for me and this is just
something that sparked my interest here
in the 24 hour last room so i figured
i'd make a video hope you guys enjoyed
some cod4 let me know what you think and
as always thanks for watching
you